Fix handling no boung contracts (#88)
RonasIT/laravel-swagger: readme.md

    > Plugin will take validation rules from the request class and generate fields description
    > of input parameter.

2. Create a controller and a method for your route:

    ```php
    <?php

    namespace App\Http\Controllers;

    use App\Http\Requests\Users\UpdateUserDataRequest;

    class UserController extends Controller
    {
        public function update(UpdateUserDataRequest $request, UserService $service, $id)
        {
            // do something here...

            return response('', Response::HTTP_NO_CONTENT);
        }
    }
    ```

    > ***Note***
    > 

>     > Dependency injection of request class is optional but in this case,
>     > the documentation about the request will not be collected..

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > Dependency injection of request class is optional but if it not presents,
    > the "Parameters" block in the API documentation will be empty.
```
